connection successful
candle closed at 1.33940000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33900000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33950000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33970000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33860000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33790000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33910000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33740000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33750000
connection successful
candle closed at 1.33570000
connection successful
